Sam Meyiwa is hiding from the same hit men he believes gunned down his soccer player son Senzo. The father of the slain Orlando Pirates goalkeeper – who was shot and killed at his girlfriend Kelly Khumalo’s mother’s house in Vosloorus in October last year – told City Press that he feared for his life after being warned by hit men that if he doesn’t “keep quiet”, they’re going to kill him. “I would have been assassinated if I didn’t get a tip-off from the police on that Saturday,” said the troubled Meyiwa, who has been in hiding since last month. Provincial police spokesperson Major Thulani Zwane confirmed a case of intimidation had been opened at Bhekithemba Police Station in Umlazi, Durban, last month. Two police sources, who asked not to be named, told City Press that “we have also received threatening phone calls at the police station that we must warn Samuel to stop sharing the new leads in Senzo’s case with the media and public”. One of the sources said the anonymous caller had made it clear they would “assassinate” Meyiwa if he did not shut up. And Meyiwa told City Press: “I have been receiving death threats from strangers and, when I phone back, the person does not answer my calls.” He said the threats started after he told the media he knew hit men had killed his son. Meyiwa was quoted as saying: “These are well-known killers who get paid for their services.” He said more than one unidentified and occupied vehicle had parked outside his home in Umlazi last month. “They were too late because I had already left my house,” he said. Meyiwa said he feared the rest of his family was also unsafe. “I’m scared that if these hit men don’t find me, they will go after my family,” he said. Meyiwa said he was in constant contact with police. But despite his fear, Meyiwa said he would not stop searching for his son’s killers. “They should rather kill me. I’m not going to keep quiet until I find the truth,” he fumed. Meyiwa said he was still hopeful the truth behind his son’s murder would emerge. But this may be a long time coming because the investigation is not progressing well. In the days after Senzo was killed, police were told he had been shot by an armed robber. At the time, Senzo was in the company of Khumalo; her sister Zandile; her mother Ntombi; Zandile’s boyfriend, Longwe Twala; and two friends from Durban, Madlala and Mthokozisi Twala. Meyiwa still believes the investigating officers are dragging their feet when it comes to making an arrest. “This is very sad. The killers who murdered my son are still walking free in the street. As the family, we are not going to heal anytime soon. “If they kill me, my family won’t find closure. Look what has happened to my son – we still don’t know who killed him. “I’m just hoping and praying that one day someone who was in the house with my son when he was gunned down will be racked with guilt and tell the truth,” he said. “My son didn’t deserve to die like this.”